Add a library for handling short strings in a gas efficient way (#4023)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/violet-frogs-hide.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `ShortStrings`: New library for handling shortstring storage in immutable variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ShortStrings`: Added a library for handling short strings in a gas efficient way, with fallback to storage for longer strings.
```
